README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator
This project allows the user to create a professional README file by simply answering a few questions and making a choice or two. 

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Contributing](#contributions)
  - [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

No installation is necessary for this project. Dependencies are listed below.

## Usage

This project will allow the user to input specific information about their own project which will then create a templated professional README.md file

## License

 - The current lincense for this project is: GNU Affero General Public License v3.0

## Tests

No testing instructions

## Contributions

Clinton Scheible

## Questions

GitHub Profile: https://github.com/DougyShy

E-mail: doug_scheible@yahoo.com

 - Other ways to contact me:
    - I am available by text or phone at 123.456.7890

Commit message:

updated README to include YouTube walkthrough under Usage section

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator
This project allows the user to create a professional README file by simply answering a few questions and making a choice or two. 

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Contributing](#contributions)
  - [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

No installation is necessary for this project. Dependencies are listed below.

## Usage

This project will allow the user to input specific information about their own project which will then create a templated professional README.md file+

Here is a short walkthrough video on YouTube: https://youtu.be/VzjbJiCz9Fc

## License

 - The current lincense for this project is: GNU Affero General Public License v3.0

## Tests

No testing instructions

## Contributions

Clinton Scheible

## Questions

GitHub Profile: https://github.com/DougyShy

E-mail: doug_scheible@yahoo.com

 - Other ways to contact me:
    - I am available by text or phone at 123.456.7890
